## Support Needed (3Ds):

- [BL Co-pay & Medicine Request]:
  - I was able to deploy Co-pay and Medicine Request in PROD na and create release branch for each. What I did was checkout to develop, then create a new branch, release/vX.Y.Z, checkout to this release branch, then merge the prerelease branch to this.

- [BL Enrollment]:
  - There were 2 issues found in enrollment extraction this day. While my initial investigation is true, I don't think it's the exact cause of the issue as this should create a record with the same Zendesk ID, but as show in the image, all have the different Zendesk ID, which tells us that it could be a Zendesk issue. With this, could I get access to mgbestlife Zendesk so I could investigate further?

- [TH AIMER: BLD]
  - I might take some time in finishing this as most of the field in the Web Content are formula. With this, is it fine if I just keep on creating formula file in services under /FormFormula? This might get bloated as BLD requires a lot of formula fields.

## Done:

- Co-Pay Enrollment UAT 1
- PH x IT Alignment
- Best Life Airtable PROD Deployments
- Best Life Co-pay DEV Merges and Deployments
- PH:
  - Fix next releases for Enrollment, MedReq, Copay, and Website
  - BL:
    - Website: Add updated Spiel for Landing Page and FAQs
    - Duplicate Processor and Labs base as DEV
  - Activation:
    - UPDATE Email Spiels in Experimental Labs Booking (Adherence and Activation) Interface in MXC Caller Activation Interface Airtable
  - BL Website:
    - UPDATE "Doctor's PRC Number" to "Doctor PRC Number" in MXC Best Life Website
- TH:
  - AIMER:
    - BLD: Create getCardiovascularDisease formula
    - BLD: Create getSubclinicalOrganDamage formula

## To do:

- [WIP] TH-AIMER: BLD
- Co-pay Enrollment UAT 1 fixes
- CV x JS PRISM Workflow Scoping

## Google/Asana Tasks:

- 13
- Migrate ACN to App Router
