## Support Needed (3Ds):

- [PRISM Workflow]:
  - For PRISM, JS ask if we could create a website for them. This website will only consist of 2 form fields, a dropdown and a form input. While she said that JUY mentioned that they should just AI this, RC said that she should consult IT. What should be our level of involvement for this?
  - Additionally, the workflow will be Website -> ABBYY -> AI Prompt -> Python Script -> Website. My issue with this is:
    - They will only use ABBYY for OCR, there's a lot of easier option, Tesseract OCR or Document AI.
    - The switching cost if I use ABBYY from Document AI is high as I have to learn how to use ABBYY and explore it's options.

  - This is an urgent ask daw by JUY, and I am not sure if I can do it as early as next week. Do I push through with the easier option which is to use a python script for OCR or Document AI for their project?

## Done:

- Cy x PRISM Workflow Scope-out
- TH:
  - AIMER:
    - BLD: Create Formula for:
      - getWaistToHeightRatio
      - getHasDiabetes
      - getHasMetabolicSyndrome
      - getCardiometabolicConditions
      - getEGFR
      - getHasStrokeHeartKidneyDisease
      - getHasImpairedGlucoseTolerance
      - getHasDyslipidemia
      - getRiskFactors
    - BLD: Clean Numeric inputs
    - BLD: Create pages for Review Documents, Complete, and Client Review
    - BLD: E2E Assigned Consult to Review Documents
    - BLD: Align Form Field Names to Airtable Field Names
- PH:
  - BL:
    - Labs & Processor: Sync [DEV] Members base and [DEV] Hospitals in duplicated base

## To do:

- CO-pay Enrollment UAT 1 fixes
- Submission on BLD Consultation in AIMER Website

## Google Tasks:

- 13
- Migrate ACN to App Router
