## Support Needed (3Ds):
  - I noticed a bit of inconsistencies in GenZen web content, could be in the tele generic web content too. For example, the label for one of nutritionist/medical-history form field is "Do you currently smoke?", but on the summary page, it's "How often do you smoke?". Same with the helper texts. Example is on mind/screening, the helper text is "You can select up to a maximum of 7 options", but on the summary page, the label's helper text is shown as "(Please select a maximum of 7 options.)". With this, do I follow what's indicated in the web content, or do I make it aligned?
  - Based on vlim, when he downloaded the .exe file from the Drive, it wasn't recognized as an .exe, therefore, he wasn't able to run the script. The only solution I was able to give him was to directly convert the script on his system or local machine. Can we give him access to the repo ph-redactor-script?
  - Also, the Web Content for GenZen doesn't have a placeholder column, do I just mimic what's on the generic web content one?
## Done:
  - TH:
    - GenZen:
      - Align form types from Teleconsult to GenZen
      - Fix validation, form input onChange, and FormSelect for type multiselect
      - Fix submission of nutritionist and mental health to accomodate multiselect
      - Consolidate pages/form fields for Nutritionist
      - Fix sessions saving to be independent of each other
  - PH:
    - Best Life:
      - MedReq: Add Graduated Member Spiel in MedReq
  - WN:
    - Xavier:
      - Fix allowing to navigate to /referral/summary with empty intake form
      - Fix yarn audit vulnerabilities
      - Fix submitting the form skips the complete page
      - FIX bug in Edit Profile where City and Barangay fields are empty until you select a new Province in XVS Xavier Mental Health Program Website
      - FIX error message of Sign in in XVS Xavier Mental Health Program Website
      - Deploy to develop
      - Do E2E Tests
    - Accenture:
      - Update the Nutritionist intake form on the ACN Website to include dietary intake items in ACN Medicine and Mental Health Program Website
## To do:
  - IT PHTH Core
  - IT x PH Alignment
## Google Tasks:
  - 1
  - Add permissions to itdvsup02
