## Support Needed (3Ds):
  - Should I clear my Task/s for PRIME since it's discontinued?
  - I have a concern lang with tele. Basically, some fields in tele requires a placeholder text but the current web content does not provide one. I've already asked this to Andy and was told to wait for the update of BU. How do I get an update for the BU regarding this?
  - Can you deploy Tele 1.9.5 to prod preview? Can you also include this PR as well, https://github.com/MedGrocer/mh-tl-website/pull/769? The ticket for this is Staging Failed, however, this PR contains the fix to align the multiselect for Mental Health. It only failed due to the placeholder I mentioned above.
  - In ACN and Tele Nutritionist have the same field, but not the same field type, ACN has textarea, while Tele has text. Do we follow ACN's type or keep it as is?
  - I have 2 PRs for firebase-function, please merge:
    - https://github.com/MedGrocer/firebase-functions/pull/243
    - https://github.com/MedGrocer/firebase-functions/pull/244
## Done:
  - Weekly System Logs Review
    - Xavier
    - PRIME
    - Shared Telecon
  - Update Prios for current week
  - TH:
    - Shared Telecon:
      - TH-ST: Remove Primary Care Network as an option in Teleconsult Type
      - TH-ST: Fix Request for Patient to Upload Documents Helper text; remove duplicate of this section
      - TH-ST: Fix Consult Notes Required Message
      - TH-ST: Add Request Prescription to Create Documents Required Field Message
      - TH-ST: Add Request Medical Certificate to Consult Notes Required Field Message
      - TH-ST: Add Street Address, Province, City, and Barangay to required field for Prescription
      - TH-ST: Change format of Fit To Work Until Date to ISO (yyyy-mm-dd)
      - TH-ST: Remove all dependency for button "Go To Consult Notes"
      - TH-ST: Add Call Status as a required field for Creating Documents
      - TH-ST: Add documents, per document, to be required before proceeding to Review Documents
      - TH-ST: Fix email to send spacing
      - TH-ST: Change email name to initials only
      - TH-ST: Remove Past Medical History as dependency in Consult Notes Required Field Message
      - TH-ST: Fix table layout for Lab Result Upload
    - GenZen:
      - TH-GenZen: Set-up repo locally
      - TH-GenZen: Add DPO seal to Privacy Policy
## To do:
  - MH-TL Tickets
  - MH-XA Tickets
  - PH-BL Tickets
## Google Tasks:
  - 1
  - [Check] new bugs on MGX Prime 250528